They all wrote the words to break up with me
Your Majesty's Consort has arrived
See your majesty
Exonerated Guiyang
You have made great contributions
I am discussing with you
Grant you the position of waiter of the army
Let you assist Lord Xing
Now people are divided.
The prince is talented
Without him, there would be no Beijing Street
Without him
It will not solve the Southeast flood so quickly
Therefore, it is not the position of Shilang that belongs to him
Qin Feiyang
No experience in combat
So young
I'm afraid it can't float.
The father and the sons and daughters think this is absolutely unacceptable
Your Majesty is a subject
What the third prince said is gone
Since ancient and modern times, there has been no precedent for the consort to serve as the waiter of the Ministry of War
Kong caused controversy among the courtiers
No Qin Feiyang
You can handle the Beijing Warriors
And you.
Southeast flood
Without Qin Feiyang, you can properly solve it.
I know the Third Prince and Lord Xing
They don't want me involved in military affairs
Your Majesty is gracious
The wings have never been suitable for the son
That's all.
The crown of tribute from the Western Regions
Obey
It's called Phoenix Creek.
It is a priceless treasure of the royal family in the Western Regions
I will bestow upon you today